Roland TD-30K V-Pro Series Electronic Drum Kit
Price $4499.00
Overview
For over a decade, Roland's revolutionary V-Drums have lead the industry in expressive sound quality and incredible playability. With the introduction of the SuperNATURAL-powered TD-30K V-Pro Series, the electronic drum set reaches a new pinnacle in drumming performance. SuperNATURAL sounds with Behavior Modeling, along with advanced sensing technology, provides a new level of expressive sound quality and playability, resulting in an instrument that reacts and responds to all the subtleties, nuances, and dynamics of a drummer's technique. In addition, USB audio-playback functionality has been added to expand the performance palette. For the stage or for professional recording, the new V-Pro is truly a complete and natural drumming experience.

TD-30 Drum Sound Module with SuperNATURAL Sounds

Powered by SuperNATURAL sounds and Behavior Modeling, the TD-30KV offers superior sound quality and natural response. From rim shots, rolls, flams, even ghost notes on the snare to dramatic crash hits and sustained cymbal swells, every nuance is accurate and smooth. For spatial depth, a dedicated Ambience fader gives you immediate control over lush room ambience and overhead-microphone simulation.

Immense Know-how and Advanced Sensing Technology

The 12-inch PD-125BK mesh V-Pad for snare drum features Roland's amazing dual-triggering technology, resulting in accurate and even sensing between the head and rim. The PDX-100 10-inch mesh head V-Pad for toms provides a dual-mount option for increased setup versatility.

Natural Triggering with Double Pedal Support

The KD-120BK 12-inch V-Kick Trigger Pad offers fast, natural kick-drum triggering and is compatible with double bass pedals (sold separately). The head tension can be adjusted to get the right feel, and the legs feature rubber tips with hidden spikes that can be pointed downward for more stability.

*Kick pedal not included.

V-Hi-Hat for Realistic Feel

With eyes closed, drummers will think they're playing a regular two-piece hi-hat. But examine the innovative VH-11 floating hi-hat, and you'll see that it's actually comprised of one floating cymbal pad atop a fixed lower base. Great for fast setup and easy transport, the VH-11 mounts on conventional hi-hat stands, and provides a similar playing feel to a two-piece hi-hat.

*Hi-hat stand not included.

V-Cymbals for Crash and Ride

With optimized weight-balance and sensitivity, the V-Cymbal Crash provides accurate triggering and a natural swinging motion and for consistent crash performance, including choke control. The enlarged bow area of the V-Cymbal Ride enhances the playing feel, with accurate three-way triggering for edge, bow, and bell.

Compact, Solid Drum Stand

The MDS-12V drum rack has been specifically designed for the TD-30K. It provides flexible ball clamps for snare and toms, boom/straight options for the cymbal arms, and an internal cable management system for a clean professional look.
