Tama Imperialstar 8-Piece Double Bass Drum Set with Meinl HCS Cymbals
Price $1399.99
Overview
This Tama Imperialstar 8-piece Drum Set is the most affordable Tama drum kit ever to incorporate so many high-end features.

With over 40 years of experience, Tama knows what drummers really want. Which is why, no matter how long you've been playing the drums, no matter what budget you have to work with, Tama has the set you need, want, and can afford. Every aspect of the modern drum kit was exhaustively examined and reexamined and then improved before it was accepted as part of the Imperialstar design. Which is why, if you start playing Imperialstar now as a beginner, you'll still enjoy playing it when you've achieved pro-status. That's how good these groundbreaking new drums are.

Only Tama Imperialstar comes with a complete set of genuine Meinl HCS cymbals. These high-quality brass cymbals are made in Germany and are sonically matched so they sound great together. They are even lathed for a more refined tonal character. The set includes 14" hi-hats, 16" crash and an 20" ride cymbal.

Tama Drum Shells:100% poplar 6-ply/7.5mm

Poplar wood has been used in making drum shells for over 50 years. It offers a full, warm tone combined with medium attack.

Precise Bearing Edges

A drum's bearing edge is one of the most important components in drum sound. Tama's advanced edge-cutting process provides extremely precise bearing edges-which allow Tama shells to ring openly and fully, and provide a wide range of tuneability, sensitivity, and response.

100% Glued Finishes

Some drum companies only affix their wraps to the drum shell by taping the finish at "selected contact points." At Tama, all wrapped finishes are glued to the shell 100% to eliminate warping, buzzing, or lifting. This process allows the shell to resonate fully and consistently. It's more work, but Tama feels the extra effort is worth it, for a difference you can see and hear.

Original Small Lugs

Imperialstar lugs are 10% smaller than the lugs of Tama's previous Swingstar Series for even greater shell resonance.

Drumheads

Batter-side heads are made of clear 250 microns-thick film for richer tone and greater durability. Ring mufflers on bass drum heads remove the need for additional internal muffling.

Accu-Tune Bass Drum Hoops

A special-formulation hi-tech material offers lighter weight and faster, more stable, tuning than traditional metal hoops. In addition, since Accu-Tune hoops use tension bolts instead of clawhooks and T-rods, head changes and packing up are a breeze.

Spur Brackets

Imperialstar spur bracket features the same look and style as Tama's high-end Starclassic drums and provides maximum durability and stability.

Tom Holder

Tama L-Rod and Omnisphere tom holder systems have received acclaim from drummers for over 25 years. These systems offer easy positioning, maximum flexibility, stability, and greater sound than standard designs which penetrate the shell interior and can inhibit resonance.

Tom Brackets

The eye-bolt structure is rock solid, holding the toms in place securely.
